Goals for the evaluation
Primary goal:
-continued use of the application

Supporting goals:
-easy to use
-quick to input data


writeup:
For our goals we will rank for importance by the use of numerical values, and we
will rank our ability to test them within the scope by the use of alphabetical
values. 

goals:
1. continued use of the application (D)
2. navigation of the application is easy (B)
3. visualization of data is clear and appealing (C)
4. ability to quickly and accurately input expenses (A)






The main usability challenge that we want to meet is the continued use of our
application, we will evaluate the users experience in the interview to see if at
that time they would want to use this software. The smaller goals that we also
wanted to evaluate if the user finds the application easy to use. The final
small goal of the evaluation is to see how quickly the users can input data, we
found that with other budgeting applications it was not quick to input different
category data. The main focus of our evaluation will be on the continued use of
our application.


For our project the primary goal is to have a user want to continuously use the application
to track their expenses for the week/month/year. It is our belief that if the user is able 
to navigate the application intuitively and it is behaving as expected then the application 
is easy to use. If the application is easy to use then it can be said that the user will 
also be able to input expenses quickly and efficiently since they can intuitvely navigate 
to that screen. Once the user has inputted expenses if the user can quickly tell us how much
they have said they spent in a specific category accurately without hesitation then it can be
said that the application's visualization of data is clear and appealing. However, the 
continued use of the application is not testable within the scope of this class since that
would include multiple interviews with the test users to evaluate their usage and it would 
require a high-fidelity prototype. 