Tasks we get the users to perform
	~ adding different expenses to two or three different categories
	~ after adding expenses, (go to screen) for data visualization
	~ changing the name of a category
	~ changing the overall budget limit (it will originally be set to 200$)
	~ change one category limit
	~ add more expenses to that category and get it to go over the budget limit
	

Before the user performs the aforementioned tasks we will sit down with them and ask the following 
questions:
	Do you currently or have you ever budget(ed)?
		- Yes, used paper to buget. Why did you use this method? It was easy and
		  just writting down predicted spending
		(Yes - Probing Question) What method do you use?
		(No - Probing Question) Is there a specific reason why?
	
First we will get the users to perform these tasks on a laptop/desktop browser. 
	Was there anything thing that you found counter intuitive?
	-I dont like that it was weekly, couldn't find the monthly version. Tends to
	 buget on a monthly basis. Can you specify what it was on? no we can't do
     that.
	If you could change/add things about the app, what would it be? (From desktop perspective)
	- Wants to customize the colours, More categories would be nice. 

We will then proceed to get the users to perform these tasks on a mobile device of their 
preference.
	Was there anything thing that you found counter intuitive?
	- I don't like have to press the plus compared to the desktop but this is
because i had to use the desktop first. 
	If you could change/add things about the app, what would it be? (From mobile perspective)
	- fix formatting to fit better, similar wants to desktop! more features

We will also ask:
How did you find the mobile interface versus the desktop interface?
	-once i got used to mobile it was as good as desktop, more of a learning
	 curve though
	(Probing Question) Which was easiest to use?
	- found the desktop version easier to use because it was used first
	(Probing Question) For you what made the data more visually clear for you?
	- easier to see expenses on mobile
	
(If they have budgeted before) Have you tried using other budgeting apps before, how did ours compare?
	-easier to use then the paper method done before
	(Yes - Probing Question) What app allowed you fast input?
	-could easily and quickly input data
	(Yes - Probing Question) What app allowed more accurate input?
	- about the same to input the data
	(Yes - Probing Question) Are you more likely to continue using ours or the other one?
	Yes i would want to use it because it gives a better idea of spending, would
prefer to use this then the past methods
	(No - Probing Question) Why?
		(Probing Question) After testing this app, would you be likely to continue using it consistently? 
		Would want to keep using because it was quicker and easier to do then
		using paper

NOTES:
-seemed to be able to quickly and easily add expenses
-found it straight forward and easy to use and the interface went with the given
intuition 
